Adds Default Contraints doc (#788)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/master/tutorials_howtos/OPA_integration/[Experimental]_OPA_Mutation/_index.en.md

+++
title = "[Experimental] OPA Mutation"
date = 2021-09-08T12:07:15+02:00
weight = 40

+++

> ### Upgrade Gatekeeper version to v3.5.2

Reviewer: Change this to "[Experimental] OPA Mutation"

> This release includes upgrading Gatekeeper to v3.5.2 to support K8s 1.22.

Reviewer: Combine it with below

```suggestion
KKP release 2.18 includes upgrading Gatekeeper to v3.5.2 to support K8s 1.22, and also introduces the new Exp...
```
